Add index (#10)
UtrechtUniversity/privacy-engineering-tools: deidentification/index.md

## De-identification

> The process of de-identification is removing identifiers from a dataset, such cities, dates, names, ID's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
De-identification is the process of making a dataset less identifiable or even anonymous. This can consist of completely removing identifiable information, generalizing data points (e.g., replace birth date with age), replacing identifiable values with non-sensitive ones, etc.
```

> For a comprehensive overview of what de-identification is, see the privacy handbook [link needed].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive overview of what de-identification is and how it can be applied to research data, please refer to the [Data Privacy Handbook](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/dataprivacyhandbook/pseudonymisation-anonymisation.html){target="_blank"}.
```
